Electrostatic Permittivity (#299)
shannon-lab/zapdos: doc/content/source/materials/ElectrostaticPermittivity.md

# ElectrostaticPermittivity

!syntax description /Materials/ElectrostaticPermittivity

## Overview

> `ElectrostaticPermittivity` declares the permittivity for the electrostatic potential as a material property. By default, `ElectrostaticPermittivity` defines this values using the permittivity of free space, but custom material and plasma dielectric coefficients can be supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ElectrostaticPermittivity` declares the permittivity for the electrostatic potential as a material property. By default, `ElectrostaticPermittivity` defines this value using the [permittivity of free space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vacuum_permittivity), but custom material and plasma dielectric coefficients can be supplied.
```
